Add runbook (#30)
Financial-Times/resilient-splunk-forwarder: runbooks/runbook.md

Grafana statistics:  
<http://grafana.ft.com/dashboard/db/upp-k8s-resilient-splunk-forwarder-stats?orgId=1>

Check for Requests/Sec rates and Splunk HEC (Http Event Collector) errors.  

S3 prod bucket:  
<https://s3.console.aws.amazon.com/s3/buckets/splunklogs-upp-prod/?region=eu-west-1&amp;tab=overview>   
Each environment has its specific folder inside the bucket. These folders should not contain any data (or data size should continuously decrease) if the resilient-splunk-forwarder is successfully ingesting into Splunk.

## First Line Troubleshooting

1. Check the health of the service either on the [C&M Heimdall](https://heimdall.ftops.tech/dashboard?teamid=content) or by calling the __health endpoint.

NOTE: This will require Basic UPP Kubernetes authentication for Ops

<https://upp-prod-delivery-eu.upp.ft.com/__resilient-splunk-forwarder/__health>

<https://upp-prod-delivery-eu.upp.ft.com/__resilient-splunk-forwarder/__health>

<https://upp-prod-publish-us.upp.ft.com/__resilient-splunk-forwarder/__health>

<https://upp-prod-publish-us.upp.ft.com/__resilient-splunk-forwarder/__health>

Available checks reveal the status of S3 and Splunk connectivity.  

> 2. Check the [log collector](https://dewey.in.ft.com/view/system/log-collector#troubleshooting) for any issues in storing log messages in S3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Check the [log collector](https://biz-ops.in.ft.com/System/log-collector#troubleshooting) for any issues in storing log messages in S3.
```

Author: Fixed
